doc: Add BSD library top level doc (#107)
NordicPlayground/nrfxlib: bsdlib/README.rst

* AT commands
* GNSS
* AGPS
* PDN management
* Modem DFU

.. note::
   The DNS address management protocol is not yet implemented.

The library implements the following standard BSD functions:

* socket
* close
* bind
* listen
* accept
* connect
* recvfrom
* recv
* read
* sendto
* send
* write
* getsockopt
* setsockopt
* fcntl
* poll
* inet_pton
* inet_ntop
* getaddrinfo
* freeaddrinfo

.. note::
   Each socket supports a subset of these functions.

Library internals
*****************

The purpose of the BSD library is to communicate with the nRF9160 modem firmware.
This is done by sending events and getting responses over the Inter Processor Communication (IPC) peripheral.
To facilitate data transfer between the application and the modem, payload data is set in the shared RAM.

The modem contains a full IP and DTLS/TLS stack as well as GNSS.
The library internally communicates over a Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol using the IPC and the shared RAM to utilize the modules inside the modem.
You can dispatch data to and from the different modules in the modem firmware by providing the right combinations of address families, types, and protocols to the BSD library.

> The library provides address families, types, and protocols that dispatch the protocols to the right backend in the modem and thus communicates with this backend.

Reviewer: Now the sentence is in here twice. ;)

Author: yes, corrected

> The BSD library aims to provide a standard programming interface on top of all of these backends so that the application developer does not have to manage all intricate details of the low-level parameters passed back and forth between the application and the modem.

Reviewer: Here we're referring back to the backends - change to "modules" as well?

Author: yes

> BSD Library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BSD library
```

###########

> The BSD library is Nordic Semiconductor's implementation of the BSD Socket API, which is a set of standard function calls that can be used in an application.

Reviewer: Can we add a link to BSD Socket API?
(For example, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Berkeley_sockets#Socket_API_functions )

Reviewer: Oh, and do we know what BSD actually stands for? In the picture it says Berkeley Socket Descriptors, but Google has never heard of this term ...

Reviewer 2: BSD seems to stand for just Berkely Sockets in this case, or that seems be what everyone refer to, so I am not sure where the D is lost.

Reviewer 2: Actually BSD stands for Berkeley Software Distribution, so it's BSD Sockets is a part of Berkeley Software Distribution interfaces.

Author: That's interesting. I'll just change to BSD in the picture to be on the safe side and follow up with Glenn later.

This library aims to be compatible with the BSD socket standard to simplify writing and porting of existing applications. 

The library has the following set of sockets:

> * 8 generic sockets that can be used generically between UDP, TCP, TLS, DTLS, and AT commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 8 generic sockets that can be used generically between UDP, TCP, TLS, DTLS, and AT commands
```

Reviewer 2: I think maybe "freely" would have been a better word than generically.

Author: @evenl sounds good, thanks

* 1 GNSS/AGPS socket

> * 1 Modem DFU socket

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1 modem DFU socket
```

* 10 PDN sockets

Overview
********

.. figure:: doc/images/bsd_lib_overview.svg
   :alt: BSD library overview diagram

   BSD library overview diagram

The BSD library is the primary interface to operate the nRF9160 modem in order to establish LTE-M, NBIOT, and GNSS connections.

> The library abstracts away the details on memory management and synchronization leaving the application to focus on writing the application using standardized API calls.

Reviewer: leaving the application to focus on writing the application?

Reviewer 2: The library abstracts away memory management details and application synchronization, leaving the developer to focus on writing the application using standardized API calls.

Author: Changed to:
'The library abstracts away the details on memory management and synchronization allowing you to focus on writing the application using standardized API calls.'

> The current implementation of the BSD library supports the following protocols:

Author: Changed to 'features and protocols'.
Security tag model (name might change) will be a separate chapter on this page presenting some details, but it is postponed to after 1.1.0.

* TCP (client/server)
* UDP
* RAW sockets
* DTLS 1.2 client
* TLS 1.2 client
* AT commands
* GNSS
* AGPS
* PDN management
* Modem DFU

.. note::
   The DNS address management protocol is not yet implemented.

> The library implements the following standard BSD functions:

Reviewer 3: While this is a complete list, each socket supports its own subset of this API e.g. the modem DFU socket doesn't support `listen` or `poll` and it doesn't make sense for it to support those either. Instead of mentioning that `select` is not yet implemented (line 67), we could either provide a more exhaustive list of which functions are supported/implemented on each socket, or just have a note saying that each socket supports a subset of this interface.

Author: Changing the note at the end of the list to:
"Each socket supports a subset of these functions."

   
* socket
* close
* bind
* listen
* accept
* connect
* recvfrom
* recv
* read
* sendto
* send
* write
* getsockopt
* setsockopt
* fcntl
* poll
* inet_pton
* inet_ntop
* getaddrinfo
* freeaddrinfo

.. note::
   The ``select`` function is not yet implemented.

Library internals
*****************

The purpose of the BSD library is to communicate with the nRF9160 modem firmware.

> This is done by sending events and getting responses over the Inter Processor Communication peripheral (IPC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done by sending events and getting responses over the Inter Processor Communication (IPC) peripheral.
```

To facilitate data transfer between the application and the modem, payload data is set in the shared RAM.

> The modem contains a full IP and DTLS/TLS stack as well as GNSS.

Reviewer: Can we add links and/or spelled out versions? I have no idea what GNSS is.

Author: postponed

The library internally communicates over a Remote Procedure Call (RPC) protocol using the IPC and the shared RAM to utilize the modules inside the modem.

> The library provides address families, types, and protocols that dispatch the protocols to the right backend in the modem and thus communicates with this backend.

Reviewer: Are there different backends in the modem? Is this relevant to the user?

Author: postponed

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if this sentence make sense at all:

Maybe something like this:

By providing the right combinations of address families, types, and protocols to the library, will the library be able to dispatch data  to and from the different backends in the modem firmware.

that dispatch the protocols to the right backend in the modem and thus communicates with this backend.

Author: Changed to:
"You can dispatch data to and from the different modules in the modem firmware by providing the right combinations of address families, types, and protocols to the BSD library."

@evenl  please let me know if this is ok

The BSD library aims to provide a standard programming interface on top of all of these backends so that the application developer does not have to manage all intricate details of the low-level parameters passed back and forth between the application and the modem.

The figure below shows a simplified BSD library architecture.

.. figure:: doc/images/bsd_lib_architecture.svg
   :alt: BSD library architecture diagram

   BSD library architecture diagram

Porting flexibility
*******************

> The BSD library has been designed in such way that you can port it to any OS.

Reviewer: What do we mean with OS here? Zephyr, FreeRTOS, and so on?

Author: postponed, will provide examples (but yes, Zephyr is one of them)

Reviewer 2: Yes, it's OS agnostic. So it's meant to work with any OS with little effort.

Therefore, procedures that would normally require some kind of OS interaction, like going into sleep and IRQ reprioritization, have been moved out of the library to an open :file:`c` file in which OS-specific integration  can be implemented.
For more information, see :ref:`bsdlib_ug_porting`.

Limitations
***********

GNSS, AGPS, and Modem DFU are currently not part of the generic sockets.

> Therefore, operating on them using ``poll`` is not possible yet.

Reviewer 3: There are also several other function calls that are not supported; see my comment above.

> This might change in future releases of the BSD library.

Reviewer 3: Or it might not.. this line could probably be removed.

Author: yes

> PDN sockets only support ``open``, ``close``, ``setsockopt``, and ``getsockopt`` in order to configure a PDN with a APN name.

Reviewer 3: This is a complete list; it can stay.

> PDN sockets only support ``open``, ``close``, ``setsockopt``, and ``getsockopt`` in order to configure a PDN with a APN name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PDN sockets only support ``open``, ``close``, ``setsockopt``, and ``getsockopt`` to configure a PDN with an APN name.
```

Therefore, there is no data communication on the socket, and it is not pollable.

Limitations on the cryptographic sockets:

* 1 TLS socket
* 2 DTLS sockets
* TCP max packet size of 4096
* TLS internal buffer size of 2.5 KB
* Only one DTLS/TLS handshake can be done at the time.
  No parallel handshake is possible.
  
Modem limitations on the built-in key storage:

* Max number of assets is 16 (slots).
* 1 PSK takes 1 slot.

> * 1 Identity takes 1 slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1 identity takes 1 slot.
```

* 1 certificate might span over multiple slots depending on the size.

>   Testing is needed to verify that the certificate of choice gets into the modem and can be used by referencing the security tag.

Reviewer: gets stored in the modem?

Author: changed to:
'is correctly stored in the modem'
